content/talk/_index.md, before:

---

author: Melanie O 
cascade:
  author: The R Markdown Team @RStudio
  show_author_byline: false
  show_comments: false
  show_post_date: true
  show_post_time: true
  sidebar:
    show_sidebar_adunit: false
    text_link_label: View recent talks
    text_link_url: /talk/
description: |
  Sometimes I participate in conferences, events and talks.
layout: list 
show_author_byline: false
show_button_links: true
show_post_date: true
show_post_thumbnail: true
show_post_time: true
sidebar:
  author: Melanie O
  description: "This is a list for your talks, workshops, or \nother events with a
    time, date, and place. \nEven this sidebar offers a ton of customizations.\n\nCheck
    out the _index.md file in the /talk folder \nto edit this content. \n"
  show_sidebar_adunit: false
  text_link_label: Subscribe via RSS
  text_link_url: /talk/index.xml
  title: Talks that Last
title: Talks that Last

---

** No content below YAML for the talk _index. This file provides front matter for the listing page layout and sidebar content. It is also a branch bundle, and all settings under `cascade` provide front matter for all pages inside talk/. You may still override any of these by changing them in a page's front matter.**

Commit message:

cambio layout talks from list to list-sidebar

content/talk/_index.md, after:

---

author: Melanie O 
cascade:
  author: The R Markdown Team @RStudio
  show_author_byline: false
  show_comments: false
  show_post_date: true
  show_post_time: true
  sidebar:
    show_sidebar_adunit: false
    text_link_label: View recent talks
    text_link_url: /talk/
description: |
  Sometimes I participate in conferences, events and talks.
layout: list-sidebar 
show_author_byline: false
show_button_links: true
show_post_date: true
show_post_thumbnail: true
show_post_time: true
sidebar:
  author: Melanie O
  description: "This is a list for your talks, workshops, or \nother events with a
    time, date, and place. \nEven this sidebar offers a ton of customizations.\n\nCheck
    out the _index.md file in the /talk folder \nto edit this content. \n"
  show_sidebar_adunit: false
  text_link_label: Subscribe via RSS
  text_link_url: /talk/index.xml
  title: Talks and events
title: Talks and events

---

** No content below YAML for the talk _index. This file provides front matter for the listing page layout and sidebar content. It is also a branch bundle, and all settings under `cascade` provide front matter for all pages inside talk/. You may still override any of these by changing them in a page's front matter.**
